Now for adding web sockets, you've got a broad variety of methods to use.
If you google for node web sockets or node express web sockets, you'll find a lot of articles and packages
you can use.
One of the most popular packages however is socket.io. Socket.io is a package that uses web sockets
and gives you a lot of convenience features around that protocol that make it very easy to set up a
web socket channel
but with a client in the server and to use that channel. You can learn all about it here in the official
docs,
this is no socket.io course so we'll not cover every single feature it offers
but I will show you how to add it to a project and how to set up some basic communication.
So socket.io is what we'll use and socket.io and that is the key thing I want you to understand does
use the web socket technology, the web socket protocol and sets it up behind the scenes for you.
You don't have to use socket.io to use web sockets though, you could use one of the other options I showed
you on Google before. There are packages that give you a more raw approach with less convenience features
and that might be what you're looking for for specific operations.
We'll go with the convenient solution of socket.io here though and I strongly recommend diving into
some advanced resources if you want to learn all about web sockets or socket.io specifically.
So how can we add it to our project now?